and they've got a great eye for talent
well we just lucky or work WB just
looking at time when we had D that's at
this massive pool OVW with their John
Cena and Batista and these sort of guys
Randy Orton or was it they were being
trained correctly I think it was it was
just one of those times and people came
along and I think a double W at the time
spent more time on on talent it was it
was a smaller pool where than I think
and absolutely I'm not I'm not I'm not a
name at all because they did a great job
I don't explain that later is you can
train a smaller group than you can a
bigger group you know if you have a
hundred and twenty wrestlers it's hard
to it's hard to keep tabs on all of them
it's hard to like individualize them but
I think obw was a smaller facility
therefore they had more input but you
know Randy Orton was destined to be good
anyway you know he's third generation
wrestler I mean his dad was a great
wrestler his grandfather and fellas yeah
yeah and Randy's good you know he's he's
amazing the only and he always was and
he you know he's got attitude like it
was like his father I had and then and
that's a good thing and he's his idol is
his dad and he he he modeled himself and
Randy's a great great guy great talent I
think at a time I think John Cena would
have been the prototype yes did you get
a scene at this point yes did you just
look at the look is no it wasn't look
you know what do you have cuz people
always say hey he had something it
wasn't massively the wrestling abilities
he's got something yeah he did it wasn't
just allowing me to look great of course
you know but I mean he he just had this
personality you only he was you know he
was confident in himself and he and the
kid had a target and he went for it
and you know once he started doing that
right he was doing doing the rap stuff
on on the bus or on the plane or stuff
the guy you know it was like that is
stupid but then it just went let's do
that on the ring see what that was it
but I think what what got John into that
little bit of
knock adore dine was the night he slot
Kurt Angle's face-off
talkies hat off yeah and I think that
just went whoa we got something here
you know there's little things that help
someone get to a certain position